If you really have nothing to do
You can go downstairs in the garden
I'm your twenty-five boy now
You are saved, why don't I want to go inside?
Play it.
The vice president has too much time to accompany me
I won't let anyone play with me
Didn't I reply to your message?
Just one
Who are you perfunctory to?
He's actually mad at me
That's how a lover should treat a top gifter
Am I too used to him?
Do you want to take the initiative later?
This disobedient little lover will be changed later
Why are you still angry?
I can't get used to ignoring him
people
It is true that men with thin mouths are the most ruthless
Humph and be angry
I'm still pissed
Not angry anymore
Who asked you to only reply to me one word every time you reply to a message?
Of course I'm not happy.
Is this explaining to me?
Count him sensible
In the future, you can't just reply to a girl's message with one word.
You know what?
Then you can't slap me in the face in the future
Don't be so stingy
That's only fair